[DOCS] Update ingest node pipelines doc (#79187)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/ingest-pipelines/ingest-pipelines.asciidoc

. In *Ingest Node Pipelines*, click *Create a pipeline*.
. Provide a name and description for the pipeline.
. Click *Add a processor* to define your first processor.
. Select the *Grok* processor type from the dropdown menu.
+
Set the field input to `message` and provide the following pattern:
+
[source,js]
----------------------------------
%{IPORHOST:clientip} %{USER:ident} %{USER:auth} \[%{HTTPDATE:timestamp}\] "%{WORD:verb} %{DATA:request} HTTP/%{NUMBER:httpversion}" %{NUMBER:response:int} (?:-|%{NUMBER:bytes:int}) %{QS:referrer} %{QS:agent}
----------------------------------
+
Once complete, click *Update*.
. Add 3 more processors with the following data:
+

> *Date*

Author: There might be a better way to display this data 😄

Reviewer: Yeah, especially the way that the table is rendered. I think I'd split up the steps differently, instead. Something like:

```
. Add a grok processor to parse the log message:

.. Click *Add a processor* and select the *Grok* processor type.
.. Set the field input to `message` and enter the following grok pattern.
.. Click *Update* to save the processor.

. Add processors to map the Date, GeopIP, and User agent fields:

.. Select the ***Field*** processor type.
.. Map the appropriate parsed value to each field:
+
--
* Date: `timestamp`
* GeoIp: `clientip`
* User agent: `agent`

For the Date field, you also need to specify the date format you want to use.
--
```

Author: Thanks! I like this a lot better. I followed this pattern, but changed the copy in a few places where I felt it wasn't 100% clear.

+
|===
|*Field* |*Value*

|Field
|`timestamp`

|Formats
|`dd/MMM/YYYY:HH:mm:ss Z`

|===
+
*GeoIP*
+
|===
|*Field* |*Value*

|Field
|`clientip`

|===
+
*User agent*
+
|===
|*Field* |*Value*

|Field
|`agent`

|===
+

> You now have defined 4 {ref}/ingest-processors.html[processors] that run sequentially:
> {ref}/grok-processor.html[grok], {ref}/date-processor.html[date],
> {ref}/geoip-processor.html[geoip], and {ref}/user-agent-processor.html[user_agent].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The four {ref}/ingest-processors.html[processors]will run sequentially:
{ref}/grok-processor.html[grok], {ref}/date-processor.html[date],
{ref}/geoip-processor.html[geoip], and {ref}/user-agent-processor.html[user_agent].
```

> Your form should look similar to this:

Reviewer: I'd move this before the part about them running sequentially.

+
[role="screenshot"]
image:management/ingest-pipelines/images/ingest-pipeline-processor.png["Processors for Ingest Node Pipelines"]

> . To verify that the pipeline gives the expected outcome, click *Add documents*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To test the pipeline to verify that it produces the expected results, click *Add documents*.
```

> . In the *Documents* tab, provide the following sample document for testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Documents* tab, provide a sample document for testing:
```
```suggestion
. In the *Documents* tab, provide a sample document for testing:
```

      }
    }
  ]
}
----------------------------------
+
The four {ref}/ingest-processors.html[processors] will run sequentially:
{ref}/grok-processor.html[grok], {ref}/date-processor.html[date],

> {ref}/geoip-processor.html[geoip], and {ref}/user-agent-processor.html[user_agent]. You can reorder processors using the arrow icon next to each processor. Reordering is not required for this example.

Reviewer: I don't think the note about reordering not being required is necessary. 

```suggestion
{ref}/geoip-processor.html[geoip], and {ref}/user-agent-processor.html[user_agent]. You can reorder processors using the arrow icon next to each processor. 
```
